Create rule S6378[terraform] : Disabling Managed Identities for Azure resources is security-sensitive (#569)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6378/ask-yourself.adoc

== Ask Yourself Whether

* This Azure resource is essential for the information system infrastructure.

> * This Azure resource is essential for mission-critical functions.

Reviewer: Here is an other idea:
"There a specific requirement that prevent this resource from using Manages Identities."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* No secret management infrastructure is available in your organization.
* A secret management infrastructure is available but doesn't follow security best practices or isn't maintained.
* A secret management infrastructure is available, but privileges are overlooked or misunderstood.
```

== Ask Yourself Whether

> * This component needs to authenticate to other Azure resources that support Managed Identities.
> * This component accesses these Azure resources by retrieving locally-stored credentials.
> * This component either uses:
> ** A different Access Control system that doesn't guarantee the same QoS as Azure Active Directory;
> ** Or no Access Control at all.

Reviewer: The content looks good!

Minor suggestions:

I think "QoS" could be replaced by something like "level of security" or "security controls". 
Regarding the form I think it could be more easy to read with 4 sentences and consistently referring to "resources". 

```suggestion
The resource:
* Needs to authenticate to other Azure resources that support Managed Identities.
* Uses locally-stored credentials to authenticate to other Azure resources.
* Uses a different Access Control system that doesn't guarantee the same security controls as Azure Active Directory.
* Uses no Access Control system at all.
```

> There is a risk if you answered yes to all of those questions.

Reviewer: Any?
```suggestion
There is a risk if you answered yes to any of those questions.
```
